http://viral.lycos.co.uk/attachments/1555/Womendrivers.mov
http://science.kennesaw.edu/~dgayler/csis4650/docs/final.html

Please email your responses to me by 10:00 am on Wednesday, May 7th.

All answers need to be in complete sentences and grammatically correct!

Discuss the similarities and differences between the following design patterns:

visitor pattern

iterator pattern

composite pattern

interpreter pattern

state pattern

Discuss the similarities and differences between the following design patterns:

flyweight pattern

singleton pattern

Discuss the similarities and differences between the following design patterns:

adaptor pattern

broker pattern

Discuss the similarities and differences between the following design patterns:

builder pattern

prototype pattern

Describe the potential usage of the design patterns that we have studied in the construction of a middleware system to handle program distribution on the Grid (The Grid is a wide area network whose nodes are the supercomputers at various government research labs and research universities). This middleware has the following specifications:

The Grid is transparent to the user.

Not all the resources on the web are identical.

The middleware will perform dynamic load balancing to optimize the usage of the resources on the Grid.

The data needed by any application could be anywhere on the Grid.

Describe the potential usage of the design patterns that we have studied so far in the construction of a system to handle high volume web traffic. This system has the following specifications:

The system will have a proxy server that handles all incoming and outgoing messages. This proxy server will delegate all requests to a server in a server farm.

This web site is the front end for a company like Yahoo that supplies computer services to people.

Each user has a customized interface based upon the user's interests previous activities at this web site.

This web site provides the following services:

email

chat

newsgroups

search

various commercial channels (like ESPN, CNN, ...)
